README.md, before:

# zoomable-bar-chart
A Polymer element that creates a bar chart using d3 with the ability to zoom in on specific areas of the data.

Example:
```html
    <zoomable-bar-chart timeline
        bar-property="bar"
        stack-property="stack"
        data="[[data]]"
        default-label="Unknown Location"
        height="300"
        chart-title="{{chartTitle}}"
        loading="[[chartLoading]]">
    </zoomable-bar-chart>
```

### Styling
`<zoomable-bar-chart>` provides custom properties and mixins for styling, most notably allowing customization
for the colors used for the bars in the bar chart. There can be up to 16 different bar colors total, depending
on the amount of data being displayed:

Custom property          | Description                                    | Default
-------------------------|------------------------------------------------|-------------------------
`--chart-axis-color`     | Color for axis lines and labels                | #727272
`--chart-text-color`     | Text color for title text                      | --paper-blue-grey-800
`--chart-color-1`        | Color for first bar in chart (16 colors total) | --paper-blue-500
`--chart-color-2`        | Second color for bars in chart                 | --paper-orange-500
`--chart-color-3`        | Third color for bars in chart                  | --paper-green-500
`--chart-color-4`        | Fourth color for bars in chart                 | --paper-red-500
`--chart-color-5`        | Fifth color for bars in chart                  | --paper-purple-500
`--chart-color-6`        | Sixth bar color                                | --paper-yellow-500
`--chart-color-7`        | Seventh bar color                              | --paper-indigo-500
`--chart-color-8`        | Eighth bar color                               | --paper-cyan-500
`--chart-color-9`        | Ninth bar color                                | --paper-deep-orange-500
`--chart-color-10`       | Tenth bar color                                | --paper-lime-500
`--chart-color-11`       | Eleventh bar color                             | --paper-pink-500
`--chart-color-12`       | Twelfth bar color                              | --paper-deep-purple-500
`--chart-color-13`       | Thirteenth bar color                           | --paper-amber-500
`--chart-color-14`       | Fourteenth bar color                           | --paper-teal-500
`--chart-color-15`       | Fifteenth bar color                            | --paper-light-green-500
`--chart-color-16`       | Sixteenth bar color                            | --paper-light-blue-500
`--chart-other-color`    | Color for potential other category             | --paper-grey-500
`--chart-overview-color` | Color for bars in overview used for zooming    | --paper-blue-grey-900

### Dependencies

Dependencies are installed using [Bower](http://bower.io/):

    npm install -g bower
    bower install

### Testing

Tests are run using [web-component-tester](https://github.com/Polymer/web-component-tester):

    npm install -g web-component-tester
    wct

### Demonstration & Documentation

Demonstration and documentation are viewed using [polyserve](https://github.com/PolymerLabs/polyserve):

    npm install -g polyserve
    polyserve

Commit message:

Add ability to save selection for use as a filter (DIG-1000).

README.md, after:

# zoomable-bar-chart
A Polymer element that creates a bar chart using d3 with the ability to zoom in on specific areas of the data and preserve
that selection for use as a filter.

Example:
```html
    <zoomable-bar-chart timeline
        bar-property="bar"
        stack-property="stack"
        data="[[data]]"
        default-label="Unknown Location"
        height="300"
        chart-title="{{chartTitle}}"
        loading="[[chartLoading]]"
        selected="[[selected]]">
    </zoomable-bar-chart>
```

### Styling
`<zoomable-bar-chart>` provides custom properties and mixins for styling, most notably allowing customization
for the colors used for the bars in the bar chart. There can be up to 16 different bar colors total, depending
on the amount of data being displayed:

Custom property          | Description                                    | Default
-------------------------|------------------------------------------------|-------------------------
`--chart-axis-color`     | Color for axis lines and labels                | #727272
`--chart-text-color`     | Text color for title text                      | --paper-blue-grey-800
`--chart-color-1`        | Color for first bar in chart (16 colors total) | --paper-blue-500
`--chart-color-2`        | Second color for bars in chart                 | --paper-orange-500
`--chart-color-3`        | Third color for bars in chart                  | --paper-green-500
`--chart-color-4`        | Fourth color for bars in chart                 | --paper-red-500
`--chart-color-5`        | Fifth color for bars in chart                  | --paper-purple-500
`--chart-color-6`        | Sixth bar color                                | --paper-yellow-500
`--chart-color-7`        | Seventh bar color                              | --paper-indigo-500
`--chart-color-8`        | Eighth bar color                               | --paper-cyan-500
`--chart-color-9`        | Ninth bar color                                | --paper-deep-orange-500
`--chart-color-10`       | Tenth bar color                                | --paper-lime-500
`--chart-color-11`       | Eleventh bar color                             | --paper-pink-500
`--chart-color-12`       | Twelfth bar color                              | --paper-deep-purple-500
`--chart-color-13`       | Thirteenth bar color                           | --paper-amber-500
`--chart-color-14`       | Fourteenth bar color                           | --paper-teal-500
`--chart-color-15`       | Fifteenth bar color                            | --paper-light-green-500
`--chart-color-16`       | Sixteenth bar color                            | --paper-light-blue-500
`--chart-other-color`    | Color for potential other category             | --paper-grey-500
`--chart-overview-color` | Color for bars in overview used for zooming    | --paper-blue-grey-900

### Dependencies

Dependencies are installed using [Bower](http://bower.io/):

    npm install -g bower
    bower install

### Testing

Tests are run using [web-component-tester](https://github.com/Polymer/web-component-tester):

    npm install -g web-component-tester
    wct

### Demonstration & Documentation

Demonstration and documentation are viewed using [polyserve](https://github.com/PolymerLabs/polyserve):

    npm install -g polyserve
    polyserve
